Allow scalar to be a 0d JAX array when calling `s_prod.sparse_matrix` (#3770)
PennyLaneAI/pennylane: doc/releases/changelog-dev.md

  gates.
  [(#3743)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/3743)

* `SProd.sparse_matrix` now supports a `jax.numpy.array` with a single element as the `scalar`.
  [(#3770)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/3770)

 * The `qchem.Molecule` class raises an error when the molecule has an odd number of electrons or 
   when the spin multiplicity is not 1.
   [(#3748)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/3748)

> 

Reviewer: Accidental new line.
```suggestion
```

  gates.
  [(#3743)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/3743)

> * `SProd.sparse_matrix` now supports a `jax.numpy.array` with a single element as the `scalar`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* `SProd.sparse_matrix` now supports interface-specific variables with a single element as the `scalar`.
```
